Update compatibility for temporary tables (#5071) (#5080)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-table.md

## MySQL compatibility

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> * TiDB does not support temporary tables, but it ignores the `CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE` syntax.
> =======
> * TiDB does not support temporary tables. The `CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE` syntax will raise an error if [`tidb_enable_noop_functions = 0`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_noop_functions-new-in-v40); TiDB simply ignores the `TEMPORARY` keyword if `tidb_enable_noop_functions = 1`.
> >>>>>>> dccf1a1f... Update compatibility for temporary tables (#5071)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TiDB does not support temporary tables. Since v5.0 GA, the `CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE` syntax will raise an error if [`tidb_enable_noop_functions = 0`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_noop_functions-new-in-v40); TiDB simply ignores the `TEMPORARY` keyword if `tidb_enable_noop_functions = 1`.
```
